we are earth Roma we're located de como
Colorado we build the earth rover X BLT
the LTS the LTSs or just stay we're
based on the Ford f-550 chassis it's a
one-piece composite body it's all
fiberglass so we have it's super
insulated we've got one thing that sets
us apart from everybody else is the fact
that we we have solar panels we have
five solar panels on the roof we have
two two thousand one burners for 255 and
up our AGM batteries inside of it so
nobody else really has that nobody has
that high capacity of everybody's
running propane or they're running a
generator we try to stay away from that
we want to keep it as earth friendly as
possible we're designed to go out and
stay outside for a really long time with
having to go back and so can you just
put questions can you run your air
conditioner on your solar power yes we
get yes you can it is what it's based
off of it's off the 120 volt because we
do have our inverters inside of it so
you can run it it depends on just how
hot out it is but you can usually run it
for quite a few hours straight just
right off the 255 the power batteries go
for of them like I say but if the
batteries do get low you can start the
truck and use the truck as a form of a
generator and that you can run the you
can run it consistently but generally
speaking you can run it on low for quite
a while for quite a few hours without
have to worry about the batteries very
cool and so when you say it's like super
insulated how does it handle like
extreme heat and coolness um well we
actually did the test into going on one
time last winter it got negative 16
negative 17 degrees at our shop and so
what we did the morning or the night
before before we left work we turned on
the heater and just put it on I think we
put on like 75 degrees just to see how
hot it would stay and it maintains 75
degrees all day when we got in it was 75
degrees everywhere in the camper it's
the way it's insulated with the way it's
built it's a quarter inch piece of
fiberglass on the outside a half inch
piece of end grain balsa wood in the
middle and then another piece of
quarter-inch fiberglass on the inside
and then on top of that we have wall
stringers just the wood framing to
attach everything to the walls which in
between all that we also add another
piece of half inch and 3/4 depending on
where it's located in the camper
foam insulation just like you would use
them most actually it's usually used in
floors and whatever
yeah it's foam insulation so it's it
stays super insulated and hot cold
doesn't really matter it's so this is a
kitchen in it this is the outdoor
kitchen you know this is just kind of
our it's an option that you can add onto
it we do have a full kitchen inside with
a induction cooktop we have a convection
oven and we also have a 12 volt or 120
volt fridge the fridge does not like I
said we don't have any propane we don't
have any generators so everything's
electric powered by the Sun we do have
an outdoor TV which isn't out yet so
we've got a 46-inch TV outside that just
slides right out of the side it's all
yeah yeah everybody needs it we've got
our gutter full length daunting this is
our 16 foot awning we also have a
10-foot awning on the other side it's a
different option that you can get yet
definitely and it comes with you can get
granted I mean you can get manmade
manmade granite I mean full any kind of
it's fully custom so every kind of wood
you want we have a lot of customers that
face it off of their house so yeah yeah
if you wanted one for you so the unlike
I'm saying I mean it's wow oh my gosh
however you want it check out this back
toe yeah are you stone tile you can even
just have it the same wood as the truck
sometimes you can get a Keurig there but
in this particular truck we actually
have our coffee maker right here
so we've got our curry go relearn it all
slides out got us all kinds of storage
in it like I was saying we got a 12-volt
or 120 volt fridge it's got our wet batt
bath oh let's take out the bathroom yeah
it comes in two options you can get a
dry bath or a wet bath the dry bath the
toilet in the shower will be separate it
saves a little bit of room so then you
can add the you have just more room for
bigger couches more more cabinetry wine
cabinet over here so a lot of people
it's yeah yeah your wine in there that's
central a/c like I was saying um it's
goes all the way down the center so what
are all the are these yeah these are
just more storages I mean we incorporate
every square inch of the truck for
storage ock like pizza boxes and that's
just it since it's a four-wheel-drive
truck it's gonna be off-road most of its
life going down trails so I can't just
have a bunch of glass where is your
stuff yep that's it's the induction
cooktop so it's not gonna
until you actually put a pan pot or a
pan on top of it you can get a diesel
stove as well but that this is kind of
the newer version more updated we've got
our bunk up there under bunk storage got
a 32 inch LED TV and this is a living
space as this turning tube yes it does
it is pretty sure they're on but yeah
they are fully powered so the uptake you
can have two twin beds or you can swing
together for a larger bed okay and
that's pretty cool it's it's not it does
have a past yep exactly you get for four
people driving yeah you can get it from
Ford with a couple different in a couple
different platforms you can get the crew
cab the super cab the regular cab nice
you can get any kind of apostolate
what's all what are all these this just
controls everything this is what turns
everything on or turns oh yeah you got a
Dan Trachtenberg that's a nice yeah -
yep Wow all those buttons yeah
everything everything and so you can
probably monitor everything there too as
well yeah yeah I mean the screen right
in the middle you can get your it's the
fresh water the great water your battery
voltage is and then over here you've got
your solar amp input so like right now
we're at twenty nine point three amps
input for solar anything over done just
scroll over the battery voltage Oh a
nice cool look at all the lighting along
your floor I love it - floor lighting
guy indirect overhead lighting you've
got the lighting underneath it very neat
I love it super sleek what is something
like this run always this particular
model is five hundred twenty-five
thousand okay awesome well thank you so
much for giving us a tour it's just
beautiful and very exciting and I bet
thank you everybody who has one just
loves it yeah they do
all right well thank you so much
you